What is CCP IP.
Well this is a sort of protocol that is used on the Internet to communicate.
Meaning that when we accumulating with other devices using the Internet or given that we're going in
jail we are using this CCP IP protocol suit.
So this is a common language that devices have implemented such that they can talk to each other because
if we didn't have these common protocols then two devices did not know how to communicate with each
other because you just can't take a cable cable and connect to devices and then expect them to figure
this out on their own.
They need some basic language that they both understand in order to communicate similar to.
As humans we need to have a language that the two of us understand in order to understand what the other
one is saying.
So the first one TPP which is Transmission Control Protocol this is one of the protocols.
There is also UDP which you're going to discuss later.
But for CCP it is a very fine delivery to endpoint protocol meaning that as we see on the picture right
here when to a device like communicating Herod's pub using his computer and Ellis using her computer
then when they are communicating with each other.
Bob is first sending a request or some kind of package to Alice.
Then Alice acknowledge this and that is where CCP differentiated so from UDP because every time I pay
to send the receiving part is acknowledging the sending request and then the flow continues.
Where we send something and we get an acknowledgment back and this CCP protocol is used within for example
puppetry and hates.
So these are some protocols that uses the CCP protocol to work online.
We will see a map in a few slides so that you can get a bigger understanding of how all this is connected.
But first the IP internet protocol.
This is the protocol says allow us to go one step above the MAC addresses which we discussed in previous
lectures.
MAC addresses is used in for example and hubs when you connect devices then they use their MAC address
to Ms.
Remember who is sending what and to who.
Because without IP IP addresses we can only rely on these MAC addresses since they are hardcoded into
our network interface cut.
But this will only work on our logical network.
But as soon as we go beyond our logical network meaning that we are communicating through the router
out to the global net we need the IP protocol because then we need to have a piece in place in order
to understand what device we are going to speak to and what route we need to take in order to get to
that device.
So that is basically what the IP protocol does and if we see on this picture we have a more basic overview
of some of these protocols.
So as you see right here we have the all say layers which we discussed and lecture one.
So we have our application layer at the top and then we have our data link layer.
And this is supposed to be a two but you hopefully understand that.
So as you see we have the CCP on our Layer 4 and we have the IP on only a tree.
This basically means that DP uses the IP protocol from the tree to do some other protocols for example
it is used by DNS and puppetry and HP and so on.
These are just sort of protocols.
There are many more.
You can feel free to look them up yourself in order to get a full list of all the protocols.
And then we also have UDP which also relies on IP but as I mentioned whereas CCP uses acknowledgment
on transfer.
This one just pump out messages and messages and don't need any confirmation that such a package has
been delivered.
And this is used on our t DTP servers so this is a little overview of how these different protocols
are connected and how they are laid out in the USA model.
So some of the protocols that you just saw on this map where for example the IP address resolution protocol
which is this one right here on our data link layer layer to remember this and that is basically used
to map the eyepiece to make addresses.
Then we have the TTP UDP here as we discussed where our CCP confirmed delivery and UDP just keep delivering
without a receipt.
Then we have the DNS which anyone using the web and who has been surfing the Web have been in contact
with because genius is basically what helps us resolve the endpoints and domains that we type in for
example the visual that Google dot com gets translated into our IP address in order for the computer
to understand what exactly we are doing.
So that is why DNS is very important when we are using the Web.
And then we have the DCP right here which is basically the protocol server who hands out a piece on
a local network.
So when a computer connects to the network this part will take care of handing out eyepiece so that
we can have more than just our mega addresses.
So this was shown on Russian to me as a TTP and IP.
We are now going to go a lot more in depth with these protocols especially DCP and UDP and what differentiate
them and what the benefits are of using one above the other in certain context.